[Music]
how to date a girl I love is there
anything else for which human beings
will work so hard with this list
brightside assumes that you found a
potential female partner you'd like to
date someone who is either a friend or a
casual acquaintance and you're ready to
move things toward romance one listen to
what she says why are your friends your
friends because they care about you
because they listen to what you say and
you can rely on them to help you work
through things if you want to befriend
girls you'll need to prioritize their
feelings too even if you're not really
interested in what they like make an
effort to listen to them and support
them who knows you might pick up a new
interest or hobby in the process friends
who do things together can easily become
couples who do things together to break
the touch barrier this is tricky to do
without overstepping your bounds so take
care if you think a girl might like you
take a few little touch risks touch her
arm or offer to hold her hand when
you're hanging out be playful and
relaxed not creepy touch her elbow or
put your hand on the small of her back
to guide her through a crowd try
touching her upper arm and laughing when
she says something funny touching
someone communicates that you find them
attractive and it's also a sign of
confidence both of these things can make
someone feel more attracted to you keep
in mind that your friend will decide if
they want you to touch them or not and
you have to respect their decision so if
they don't seem to like it whether they
say something or not stop if you are not
sure if they like it have a conversation
with them if they say they don't want
you to touch them don't do it again find
a different girl with whom you can
develop a potential relationship 3 use
your words
girls are not a different species
they're people just like you
with their own thoughts and feelings you
don't have to play games with them and
they often respect directness if you
think a girl likes you ask her if she's
interested in starting something don't
do it in front of others as this can put
uncomfortable pressure on her response
at the same time don't corner her you
don't want her to feel trapped do you be
relaxed open and safe
during this conversation imagine that
you were on a job interview
if you debase yourself and beg for a job
your potential boss won't be impressed
and will probably find your behavior
off-putting on the other hand if you can
demonstrate that you have as much to
offer the company as they have to offer
you you're more likely to get the job
this discussion about entering a
relationship is a bit like both of you
going on an interview to be with each
other you're interviewing to be her
boyfriend and she's interviewing to be
your girlfriend
you both have power in the situation and
it has to be a decision of mutual
benefit and remember that rejection
happens if she turns you down don't get
mad at her or down on yourself if it's
not going to happen it's not going to
happen look elsewhere for ask her out
once you suspect that there's a mutual
interest you need to talk about it
ask her out don't let the conversation
turn into a lingering awkward silence
and on a positive note if you're pretty
sure she's receptive to a date ask her
out at the end of the conversation
something like hey I've got to go but
it's been really great talking to you
would you like to continue this over a
cup of coffee sometime put your cards on
the table and trust your friendship to
let you talk honestly and don't ask her
out over chat or text give her a call or
ask in person though it's a small
gesture it means a lot if you are
serious about her treat her with respect
and speaking of respect five respect her
consent if she says yes awesome
you've taken the next step if she says
no take no for an answer
and back off we're a jek ssin happens
and it's fine just let it go and find
someone else if she seems unsure or says
she has to think about it don't put
pressure on her there are lots of movies
out there telling us to be persistent
and that we can win the heart of a girl
that doesn't like us at first this is
terrible advice if you keep asking her
out it's more likely to bother her than
make her like you sometimes girls say no
to gauge how a boy handles rejection if
you get upset that's a red flag and
she'll feel like she avoided a bad
situation if on the other hand you're
cool and relaxed about it disappointed
but understanding that suggests you
might be a good partner
she might change her mind in the future
but don't sit around waiting for that to
happen she has your number and can
always contact you a note about the
dreaded friend zone it's not really a
thing some girls just aren't interested
in having romantic relationship with you
and that's okay you may have started
this list with the hope of finding a
girlfriend but if you like someone and
they don't like you in that way that's
fine there are plenty of other girls out
there girls are people to treat them as
such and you'll have better stronger
relationships six go on a date once
you've done all the above and the girl
wants to go on the date with you invite
her out for a cup of coffee a movie or
maybe dinner at a modest restaurant you
both like offer to pick her up
walk her there or take the bus together
not only is this polite it will give the
two of you more time to talk you might
want to offer to pay with modern
relationships it's more and more common
for couples to split the bill or pay
their own way unless you're going to
offend your date by offering to pay it
can be a good classy move it conveys
that you're not cheap and you're serious
about her you may or may not end up
paying but in any case you should be
prepared to do so don't show up to the
date short on cash you look cheap don't
put too much pressure on the date
don't make your first date a fancy
candlelit dinner or you'll come off as
weird and too intense if it doesn't go
well don't beat yourself up about it one
bad date doesn't necessarily end a
relationship and if it does go well well
now you know better for next time here's
a pop quiz for a first date should you
kiss her answer probably not a kiss on
the lips or anything more intimate is
not traditional on a first date anything
more than a hug or kiss on the cheek is
generally understood to suggest that the
people involved are only interested in
the physical relationship girls can be
very anxious about a first date so it's
imperative that you don't push her in
any way when you take her home after the
date let her decide how to end the date
if she seems unsure just smile don't
make it any more awkward than it has to
be assuming your date goes well
congratulations remember some guys think
that taking a girl out to dinner and
paying their way
somehow entitles them to affection or
sex in return it does not you are not
entitled to sex or love it must be
offered freely to you a stable loving
relationship is between equals with
neither owing the other anything make
sure she knows you understand that seven
subsequent dates if you still feel a
good vibe a week or so after the first
date consider asking her out again she
may expect you to initiate it rather
than waiting for her to do so just as
simple hey would you like to go out
again I had this great idea will suffice
if she asks you out that's fine let her
take the lead with a second date it's
safe to be a bit more romantic if you
went out for coffee the first time go
out to dinner this time if you hung out
with a group of friends the first time
playing a way for just the two of you to
hang out do the same things on this date
as you did on the first talk to her
listen to her be funny and be yourself
just have a good time now might be the
time to kiss her assuming the date goes
well it may be time to take things to
the next level if the mood is right and
you haven't already done so take this
opportunity to give her a goodnight kiss
look for the signs that she wants a kiss
she's hesitating her body language is
open to you she's biting her lower lip
she's slightly flushed she inclines her
head slightly toward you your faces are
three inches apart or less you are
staring at each other with hopeful
expressions etc move in slowly to give
her time to react if you do kiss
congratulations enjoy the moment if she
flinches or pushes you away
don't press apologize for miss reading
things by saying something like sorry
not yet treat her like it's fine because
it is you've got time you should
probably not go any further
particularly if this is only your second
or third date if this is your first kiss
with a girl leave it at that
she probably won't invite you in but
even if she does you should decline with
sincerity say I really want to but not
tonight next
this will convey your interest in a
lasting relationship rather than a
physical hookup while conveying that you
are still interested in her physically
eight ask her to be your girlfriend once
you are pretty sure there's a strong
mutual attraction ask her to be your
girlfriend you can do this in a big
creative way or simply ask her in person
it may seem old-fashioned but open and
honest communication about your
relationship is always a good sign
never ask this over text or chat even
just over the phone is questionable and
absolutely don't change your facebook
relationship status or refer to her as
your girlfriend until she responds she
might say yes or no if she seems unsure
or says she's not ready that's an
indication that you need to keep things
casual for a little longer she needs
more time to warm up to you make it
clear that you are willing to wait as
long as she needs and that you support
her taking her time this will mark you
as a safe and respectful potential
boyfriend and it will also convey that
you are still very interested in her
good luck so how did you do did you find
some useful tips we're getting and
keeping a girlfriend what did you do
differently how did you end up with your
girlfriend now or in the past tell us in
the comments below as always remember to
Like share and hit that subscribe button
to always stay on the bright side of
life
[Music]